Step 1: Download all the tools listed in the Readme. Also download this repo if you haven't by pressing the
green "Code: button and then "Download Zip."

Step 2: *Acquire* a ROM file of Fossil Fighters: Champions. Open it with Crystal Tile 2, then do Tools ->
NDS File System -> File -> Split Rom to split the ROM apart.

Step 3: That should result in a folder named KASEKI2 somewhere. Move or copy that folder inside some other
folder--let's call it Container--and rename it to "KASEKI2 - Copy."

Step 4: Go into KASEKI2 - Copy and move the "text" and "msg" folders out into Container. Then make new,
empty "text" and "msg" folders inside KASEKI2 - Copy.

Step 5: For some reason, Crystal Tile 2 and jNDSTool expect pretty different folder structures. To remedy
this, make a folder in KASEKI2 - Copy named "data," then place all other folders there except FSI.CT into it.

Step 6: Rename FSI.CT to "overlay," and go into it and put every file that does not begin with "overlay" into
KASEKI2 - Copy itself. Finally, rename the just-moved file "ndsheader.bin" to "header.bin."

Step 7: Move everything from this repo into Container, along with the jar file you got from jNDSTool, and
the exe you got from Fossil Fighters Tool.

Step 8: If jNDSTool happens to have gotten a release beyond 1.0.1 by the time you read this, you are going to
have to rename the jar file to "jNdstool-1.0.1.jar"; you will also have to rename the exe to "fftool.exe" if
by some chance that name has been changed.

Step 9: Drag and drop the "text" folder in Container onto fftool.exe. When that finishes running, do the same
for "msg."

Epilogue: At the end of all of this, you should have a folder named Container (or something else), in
which are the folders "KASEKI2 - Copy", "msg", and "text", and the files "fftool.exe" and
"jNdstool-1.0.1.jar", along with everything you donwloaded from this repo. 


Actually running it: msg.bat will "translate" all the message files. If if runs out of memory or you stop
it so your computer doesn't catch on fire, it will make use of leftOff.txt and pick up where it left off.
You can then translate vivosaur names, move names, etc. using text.bat. It again makes use of the file
leftOffT.txt. Once all that is done, simply run jar.bat to compile everything together into a ROM! Then you
can use your favorite patching utility to create a patch that the whole world can enjoy.